- [[Wasoko]]
	- [[Meeting]] #COE
		- gone through COE for https://sokowatch.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/W/pages/769064973/COE+File+Service+Down?focusedCommentId=774504449#comment-774504449
		- Any config changes should reviewed by group (EM, PE and Senior Engineers)
		- We are working uptime checks 5mins
			- P0 - Ticket JIRA
			- Gspace alert
	- [[Meeting]] #product-image-cleanup
		- discussed the production image
			- We will have Hi-Res original image
			- we will credit a modified image
	- [[Meeting]] #test-simplification
		- why we are we creating customer and agents again
			- we face issues with recon so we are not able to do it again
			- some agents are working or we need agents for multiple branches and countries
		- #kamal - gave query to approve recon automatically
		- lets use the postman for create and we should radomize the payload
			- #priyanka #florence - to try to do this for customer and agents
			- TODO review the progress this by next [[Mar 9th, 2023]]
	- [[Meeting]] #project-spider-standup
		- update the tasks and timelines
		- #bosky - finalise the tasks and complete
	- [[Meeting]] #mohammed #1-1
		- General discussion
			- Almost we have completed
			- Writing unit testing for the the components
		- Going to office? - not going regularly
		- Write Readme.md for every repos - worked for so far
		- Interview feedback
			- Performance is not good for some candidates
			- They are doing well
		- TODO #kamal come up with some Stretched Goals for Mohammed
	- [[Meeting]] #chris #1-1
		- General discussion
			- Loan API - few changes are missing doing the testing
		- Learning
			- There is no learning happening and but there things i learned a jenkins
			- GCP stuff documenting and creating knowledge base
		- [[Feedback]]
			- Good that taking up ownership sprint ceremonies, Do more of this
	- [[Work-Todo]]
		- DONE Write stories for pending items
		- DONE see how can we leverage Loginext auth for DA