## Strachpad
- ## Learnings
	- OKRS
		- Before we move on and learn how OKRs are tracked, graded, and deployed throughout an organization, let’s take a moment to review the basics we’ve learned thus far.
		- -
		- **OKRs are Objectives and Key Results. Every OKR has two parts:**
		- -
		- Objective: A simple statement describing WHAT you want to accomplish
		- -
		- Key Results: A set of three to five measures that describe HOW you’ll reach that Objective — and how you’ll know when you’ve done so.
		- -
		- **OKRs help teams achieve audacious goals in five ways:**
		- -
		- **Focus**: They highlight your top priorities.
		- -
		- **Align** and **Commit**: They transparently share both teams’ plans with the whole organization.
		- -
		- **Tracking** and **Stretching**: They make it easy to measure progress and track momentum.
		- -
		- **Well-written OKRs share three traits: **
		- -
		- They capture the CHANGE you are trying to make.
		- -
		- They push you to stretch beyond what you’ve done before.
		- -
		- They connect to an organization’s mission and purpose.
		- -
		- **Strong OKRs are NOT:**
		- -
		- A list of activities.
		- -
		- A description of what you already do each day (business as usual).
		- -
		- All of your Key Performance Indicators, a dashboard of all the metrics a team tracks in its operation. OKRs spotlight the few items where the needle most needs to be moved. We use OKRs to lead and KPIs to manage.
		- -
		- **Well-written Objectives are**:
		- -
		- Significant, concrete, action-oriented, and inspirational.
		- -
		- Specific and concise, typically short enough to fit on one line.
		- -
		- Everyone on the team sees how to contribute to its success.
		- -
		- **Well-written Key Results are:**
		- -
		- Timebound, aggressive yet realistic, and measurable and verifiable.
		- -
		- Interconnected — they work as a set. If one KR falls short, the Objective will be at risk.
		- -
		- Indicative of progress and achievement, rather than simple activities.
		- -
		- Leading Indicators that signal when an Objective might be off track.
		- -
		- **The three types of OKRs are:**
		- -
		- Committed: The team must fully attain the goal by the end of the cycle.
		- -
		- Aspirational: They push the team to think bigger and work in new ways. An aspirational goal spurs the team to accomplish more than with a committed goal, even when they fall short.
		- -
		- Learning: The team defines what they want to learn *before* committing time and resources to the OKR.
		- Keep up the momentum — you’re doing great!
- ## Todos
- ## Meetings