- #pj
	- still confused and concerned about the #Tridiv comment on me. he is more concerned about taking leaves on monday and friday. we should make it clear. I do not know whom to reach out and discuss this matter. I will focus on the improving and change images of mine but if it is not working should look out.
	- I need spending building morning habits, to start with will change my wakeup time to early morning 5 AM and to a mediation for 10 mins. lets see how it goes, can also walk in evening for one more hour.
	- I think buying monitor or table may not required now, lets not do this now lets see if still required we will buy this later.
- ## Strachpad
## Learnings
	- #journaling
		- [[journaling with prompts]]
			- If you could spend one day without any responsibilities, who would you spend that day with and what would you do to make it meaningful
			- Write about a specific emotion you experienced today and how it made you feel.
			- What have been the five best days of your life, and why?
			- How would your life be different if you stopped living so much in the past and/or worrying so much about the future?
			- What scares you the most, and why? How can you use that fear to improve or learn or grow?
			  - What would you tell your five-year-old self?
			  - What are three things that you are really looking forward to the most?
			  - Who do you need to forgive, and why, and what’s stopping you from doing it today?
			  - If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be and what’s stopping you from taking action?
			  - How would your life change if you were your own biggest fan and truly believed in yourself?
			  - What is the best advice you have ever been given?
			  - How do you deal with helplessness, with letting go, with release and surrender of expectations?
			  - What do you love most about yourself?
			  - Who do you admire most in this world, and why?
			  - What are five things you absolutely, positively, totally want to do before you die, and how can you do one of them THIS YEAR?
			  - Who do you care about most in the world, and what could you do today to make sure they know it?
			  - What would you truly lose, deep down, if you lost what you are most scared of losing?
		-
## Todos
## Meetings