- #pj
	- I bit confused with the decision on of taking OMS fully and not sure what kind of impact will create in my career. Still being engineering manager is another worry for me and not able to advance in my career. I may have to focus on building professional relationship and see how i can advance my career.
	- I did called Anjali chiti yesterday felt good, should speak to once in two weeks with all people that should be the norm for all. that helps in keeping relationship open and everyone is happy.
	- yesterday was not spent well, had watched couple of series and movies nothing much i did. Along watching movie i can do house chores will save sometime for me.
	- Was trying to reading and planning morning but nothing works i need to focus on doing simple and small things first.  the books i got i have not read single page should spent sometime. may be going to library may help me to read books and focus on specific activities.
- ## Strachpad
	- Need to close the script to correct RA, API for closing the invoice is ready
	- Followup on payments app testing close all open ends
	- I need to make things clear to #Tridiv what is my expectation if have to take this new role and team.
	- #Martin he is missing for testing and not accepting invite nor decline. he is followup on payment app release not is not meeting expectation. he should have more proactive
## Learnings
## Todos
	- TODO  Release plan should discuss with people on standup quick check
## Meetings
	- #priyanka
		- going on maternity leave from [[Jun 1st, 2023]]
			- will give the KT to #florence on the tickets working
		- #niladri was unhappy partial order testing,
			- he said we do not have to listen to sprint team
			- #kamal to speak to #nilari and resolve this
		- Wanted to be the part the FS